---
bgColor: bg-blue-500
integration: Recurly
description: "Leverage Recurly's payment processing capabilities to offer a wide range of payment options, enhancing customer convenience and security."
email: integrations@Recurly.com
permissions:
  - "Access company financial data"
  - "Transaction processing permission"
  - "Fraud management services"
  - "Access to customer payment information with consent"
details:
  - title: "Built by"
    value: "Recurly International Incorporated"
  - title: "Website"
    value: "Recurly.com"
    url: "https://www.Recurly.com"
  - title: "Category"
    value: "Financial Services, Payment Processing"
    url: "https://www.Recurly.com/en-us/merchants/start-accepting/payment-gateway.html"
  - title: "Docs"
    value: "Recurly Developer Documentation"
    url: "https://developer.Recurly.com/documentation"
  - title: "Contact"
    value: "Recurly Support"
    url: "https://developer.Recurly.com/support"

logo:
  url: "/integrations/recurly.svg"
  alt: "Recurly Logo"
---

## How to Integrate Recurly with Your App

Integrating Recurly payment services into your application provides your customers with flexible and secure payment options. Follow this guide to implement Recurly into your payment gateway:

## Step 1: Register for Recurly Developer Account

Begin by visiting the [Recurly Developers](https://developer.Recurly.com/) portal. Sign up or log in to access Recurly's suite of APIs and tools designed for seamless payment integrations.

## Step 2: Explore Recurly APIs

Once registered, explore the APIs available for integration, such as Recurly Payment Gateway, Secure Remote Commerce, and more. Select the APIs that best fit your business needs.

## Step 3: Obtain API Credentials

For the APIs you wish to use, generate your API credentials. These credentials, including API keys and tokens, are crucial for authenticating your requests to Recurly services.

## Step 4: Implement the API into Your App

With your API credentials in hand, implement the API calls into your app. Recurly provides detailed documentation and SDKs for various languages and platforms to facilitate this process:

- Ensure your app complies with Recurly's security and data protection standards.
- Integrate Recurly's APIs with your existing payment processing flow.

## Step 5: Conduct Testing

Utilize Recurly's sandbox environment to test your integration. This step is vital to ensure that payment processing works correctly without actual financial transactions.

- Test various payment scenarios and handle possible errors or declines to ensure robustness.

## Step 6: Go Live

After thorough testing, apply to move your integration from the sandbox to the live environment through the Recurly Developer Portal.

- Ensure you have met all compliance and regulatory requirements before going live.

## Support and Resources

For assistance during your integration process or more information, reach out to Recurly support at `integrations@Recurly.com` or visit the [Recurly Developer Documentation](https://developer.Recurly.com/documentation) for comprehensive integration guides, API references, and best practices.

By following these steps, you can integrate Recurly payment services into your app, providing a secure and convenient payment method for your users worldwide.
